[keyboard] Add Windx65 (#20210)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/windx65/readme.md

# windx65

![windx65](https://i.imgur.com/kBJ3enL.jpeg)

* Keyboard Maintainer: [thewerther](https://github.com/thewerther)
* Hardware Supported: Windx65
* Hardware Availability: https://windstudio.store/products/instock-x65-quick-order

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make windx65:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make windx65:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead

> * **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `RESET` if it is available (FN + ESC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available (FN + ESC)
```
